First iteration of changes to verify CDS (#848)
vmware/terraform-provider-vcd: .changes/v3.7.0/848-improvements.md

> * add changes to allow run test on CDS and makes NSX-V configuration optional [848]

Author: changed

> * Add changes to allow run test on CDS and makes NSX-V configuration optional [848]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add changes to allow running tests on CDS and make NSX-V configuration optional [GH-848]
```

Author: changed
